Samuel also said to soul the Lord sent
me to anoint you king over his people
over Israel
now therefore heed the voice of the
words of the Lord thus says the Lord of
Hosts I will punish Amalek for what he
did to Israel how he ambushed him on the
way when he came up from Egypt
now go and attack Amalek and utterly
destroy all that they have and do not
spare them but kill both man and woman
infant and nursing child ox and sheep
camel and donkey so Saul gathered the
people together and numbered them until
a two hundred thousand foot soldiers and
ten thousand men of Judah and soul came
to the city of Amalek and lay in wait in
the valley then saul said to the Kenites
go depart get down from among the
Amalekites lest I destroy you with them
for you showed kindness to all the
children of Israel when they came up out
of Egypt so the Kenites departed from
among the Amalekites and soul attack the
Amalekites from heaven all the way to
shore which is east of Egypt he also
took Agag king of the Amalekites alive
and utterly destroyed all the people
with the edge of the sword
so um the people spared a gag and the
best of the Sheep the oxen the fatlings
the Lambs and all that was good and were
unwilling to utterly destroy them but
everything despised and worthless that
they utterly destroyed now the word of
the Lord came to Samuel I greatly regret
that I have set up Saul as king for he
has turned back from following me and
has not performed my Commandments and it
grieved Samuel and he cried out to the
Lord all night so when Samuel rose early
in the morning to meet Saul it was told
Samuel Saul went to Carmel and indeed he
set up a monument for himself and he has
gone on around passed by and gone down
to gildo and Samuel went to Saul and
Saul said to him blessed are you of the
Lord I have performed the commandment of
the Lord what then is this bleating of
the sheep in my ears and the lowing of
the oxen which I hear they have brought
them from the Amalekites while the
people spared the best of the sheep and
the oxen to sacrifice to the Lord your
God and the rest we have utterly
destroyed
be quiet and I will tell you what the
Lord said to me last night
speak on when you were little in your
own eyes were you not head of the tribes
of Israel and did not the Lord anoint
you king over Israel now the Lord sent
you on a mission and said go and thought
surely destroy the sinners the
Amalekites and fight against them until
they are consumed why then did you not
obey the voice of the Lord
why did you swoop down on the spoil and
do evil in the sight of the Lord but I
have obeyed the voice and gone on the
mission on which the Lord sent me and
brought back a gag King of Amalek I've
utterly destroyed the Amalekites but the
people took of the plunder sheep and
oxen the best of the things which should
have been us leadest royde to sacrifice
to the Lord your God in gilda has the
Lord as great delight in burnt offerings
and sacrifices as in obeying the voice
of the Lord behold to obey is better
than sacrifice and to heed
of rams for rebellion is as the sin of
witchcraft and stubbornness is as
iniquity and idolatry because you have
rejected the word of the Lord he also
has rejected you from being king I have
sinned
but I have transgressed the commandment
of the Lord and your words because I
feared the people and obeyed their voice
now therefore please pardon my sin and
return with me but I may worship the
Lord I will not return with you for you
have rejected the word of the Lord and
the Lord has rejected you from being
king over Israel and as Samuel turned
around to go away soul sees the edge of
his road and its tour
the Lord has torn the Kingdom of Israel
from you today and has given it to a
neighbor of yours who is better than you
and also the strength of Israel will not
lie nor relent for he is not a man that
he should limit I have sinned
yet honor me now please before the
elders of my people land before Israel
and return with me that I may worship
the Lord your God so Samuel turn back
after Saul and Saul worship the Lord
then Samuel said bring again king of the
Amalekites here to me
so a gag came to him cautiously surely
the bitterness of death is past as your
sword has made women childless so shall
your mother be childless among women in
priestess before the Lord in Gilgal then
Samuel went to Rhema and Saul went up to
his house at Gibeah of Seoul and Samuel
went no more to see Saul until the day
of his death nevertheless Samuel mourned
for Saul and the lord regretted that he
had made Saul king over Israel